normalize accents (#237)
krr-up/bibliography: README.md

> - `Manuel {Ojeda Aciego}`        -> `M. {Ojeda Aciego}`
> - `John von Neumann`             -> `J. von Neumann`
> - `Allen {V}an Gelder`           -> `A. {V}an Gelder`

> > - `Luis Fari{\~n}as del Cerro` -> `L. {Fari{\~n}as del Cerro}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - `Luis Fari\~nas del Cerro` -> `L. {Fari\~nas del Cerro}`
```

> example: `@string{lncs = {Lecture Notes in Computer Science}}` for use in
> BibTex entries as `series = lncs`

> Use LaTeX commands for **special characters** in all fields putting (a single pair of) braces around the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use LaTeX commands for **special characters** in all fields avoiding braces if possible.
```

> > example: `J. P{\"a}tynen` but neither `J. P{\"{a}}tynen`, `J. Pätynen`, `J. P\"atynen`, `J. P\"{a}tynen`, nor `J. P{{\"a}}tynen`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> example: `J. P\"atynen` but neither `J. P{\"{a}}tynen`, `J. Pätynen`, `J. P{\"a}tynen`, `J. P\"{a}tynen`, nor `J. P{{\"a}}tynen`.
```
